SUBJECT

1. Emily Brown, Baker at the State Bakery, Emily Brown has been baking at the State Bakery for 3 years. She loves to bake and enjoys making people happy with her delicious treats. 
2. John Doe, unemployed, John Doe is currently unemployed. He is looking for work and hoping to find something that he enjoys. 
3. Jane Doe, stay-at-home mom, Jane Doe is a stay-at-home mom. She loves spending time with her kids and taking care of her family. 
4. Timmy Johnson, student at the State School for the Blind, Timmy Johnson is a student at the State School for the Blind. He is working hard in school and hopes to one day be able to see again. 
5. Billy Smith, student at the State School for the Blind, Billy Smith is a student at the State School for the Blind. He is working hard in school and hopes to one day be able to see again. 
6. Bobby Brown, student at the State School for the Blind, Bobby Brown is a student at the State School for the Blind. He is working hard in school and hopes to one day be able to see again.
7. Gertrude McFuzz, Head Lice Checker, Gertrude has been working as a head lice checker for the State for over 20 years. She is very good at her job and has never been fired. 
8. Harold Humpington, Nose Picker, Harold has been picking his nose for the State for over 20 years. He is very good at his job and has never been fired. 
9. Jethro Snodgrass, official state rat catcher, Jethro has been catching rats for the State for over 20 years. He is very good at his job and has never been fired. 4
10 Bertha Buttocks, official state bottom wiper, Bertha has been wiping bottoms for the State for over 20 years. She is very good at her job and has never been fired. 
11. Wilbur Snatchgrass, official state hair cutter, Wilbur has been cutting hair for the State for over 20 years. He is very good at his job and has never been fired.
12. Daisy Duck, official state duck herder, Daisy has been herding ducks for the State for over 20 years. She is very good at her job and has never been fired. 
13. Donald Duck, official state duck quacker, Donald has been quacking ducks for the State for over 20 years. He is very good at his job and has never been fired. 
14. Goofy Dog, official state pet, Goofy has been the State's pet dog for over 20 years. He is very good at his job and has never been fired.
15. Pluto Mouse, official state mouse catcher, Pluto has been catching mice for the State for over 20 years. He is very good at his job and has never been fired.
16. Penelope Pumpernickel, Teacher, Penelope has been a teacher in the State for over 15 years. She is a very caring and nurturing person who loves teaching her students new things.
17. John Smith, Data Analyst, John Smith is a data analyst who spends his days sorting through the vast amounts of information generated by the citizens of the dystopian state. He's never been outside and doesn't know what a real human looks like.
18. Mark Wormington, Assistant Neuralink Meme Prompt Writer, Mark Wormington resides beneath the SpaceX headquarters with his hologram wife and 5 children. He enjoys eating insects and not owning anything.
19. Chad McChad, NFT trader, Chad trades NFTs. But Chad is still broke.
20. Samantha Jameson, Professional Shopper, Samantha Jameson is a professional shopper. She is paid to buy things for other people. She has no time for anything else in her life besides shopping and sleeping.
21. Tommy Atkins, Robot Maintenance Technician, Tommy Atkins is a robot maintenance technician. He works long hours repairing and maintaining the robots that have taken over many jobs in society. He sometimes dreams of a world where humans don't have to rely on robots so much.
22. John Smith, Personal Average Data Analyst, John Smith is an average man with an above average job. He spends his days sifting through the personal data of others, looking for anything that could be used against them. When he's not working, he enjoys spending time with his wife and two kids.
23. Sarah Smith, Data Entry Clerk, Sarah Smith is a data entry clerk. She spends her days inputting information into databases. It's not the most exciting job in the world, but it pays the bills and she enjoys it nonetheless.
4. Steve Smith, Personal Data Miner, Steve Smith is paid to mine personal data from social media and the internet. He then sells this data to the highest bidder.
5. Sarah Connor, AI Trainer, Sarah Connor is responsible for training AI bots to be human-like. She often feels like she is training them too well and they might one day take over the world.
4. John Smith, Personal Data Hoarder, John Smith is a personal data hoarder. He collects as much data as he can on everyone and everything. His collection is so large that it fills up his entire apartment. 5. Jane Doe, Social Media Influencer, Jane Doe is a social media influencer. She has millions of followers who hang on her every word. Her life is one big advertisement. 6. Jack Jones, AI Programmer, Jack Jones programs AIs. He spends most of his time in VR with his AIs, as they are better company than people. 7. Jill Johnson, Genetic Engineer, Jill Johnson is a genetic engineer. She creates new strains of genetically modified crops for the government and corporations. 8 . Bob Barker, Robot Maintenance Technician ,Bob Barker maintains robots . He makes sure they are oiled and functioning properly . Sometimes he talks to them when no one else is around . 9 . Bill Wilson , Nano-bot Injector ,Bill Wilson injects people with nano-bots . These bots enter the bloodstream and repair any damage that may have been done to the body . 10 . Sarah Connor , Cyborg Assassin ,Sarah Connor was once a human being , but now she has been enhanced with cybernetic implants and programmed to kill anyone who poses a threat to the government